
TEAM PROGRESS TO DATE 
 Data Conversion 
Question from Common Demand – Is there a requirement to tag the Optional Skills as 1, 2, 3 etc? Will a weighting be placed on them during execution of the algorithms? [KS] Primary will be the main focus. No need to determine ordering for Optional. 
Common Demand – do all records have a CD ID?? 
Yes, all records will have a CD ID.  
There can be multiple demand events for a single Demand record due to updates – all will share that CD ID. 
There is a unique Message ID to identify the events for each Demand record. 
 
Algorithms 
Only 2 stories were completed from the Committed work out of 28 – remaining 4 were bugs that were resolved. 
 
UI 
2nd week of Sprint 5 still in progress 
Arthur to respond to Qs from Miguel and Bill (Bugs and non-integration stories) 
At present there are no concerns from the team on the remaining work. 
Bill to make amendments to some stories and review with team. 
 
Testing 
For UI 10/13 test cases approved. Remaining 3 to be closed today. 
CAP/Alg team unavailable today to provide test data. 
9 Test Cases remain in this Sprint. 4 are in progress. 
Nikil & Aira were provided with a workaround for the test cases (UI Sprint 4)they have no data for. 
Natalia focussing on creating test data for remaining Sprint 1 test cases (9) today – will share with CAP team.  
 
Integration 
Insights  
Product Owner 
Admin stories for mass upload (UI or TH?) 
ITF work in progress; testing will need to be synced up (bringing skill IDs from CD) 
Starting backlog for TH in xls 
Mickey to help create backlog for insights stories (he'll be Prod Owner) 
   
  
TEAM PLANNED WORK / TO DO 
   
Data Conversion 
Following up on open questions regarding the age of Common Demand data – Abacus & myScheduling. 
Moving forward with updates to documentation – Detailed Scope, Approach, Workplan & Backlog. 
Common Demand to replace myScheduling and HRRA. 
CV Resume data to be sourced directly. (42% of records have an edited End Date in CV Resume) 
SAP data will be sourced directly, as well as from Lake. 
Only Abacus Tech confirmed as being in Common Demand entirely. 
Solution Blueprint to be revised when Conchi returns from PTO. 
Other deliverables will be completed during Sprint 2 as Foram is on PTO this week. 
Additional tables CAP are looking to ingest from TH are not ready yet in TH. Design is still in progress there. 
 
Algorithms 
Sprint 2 planning has been put on hold today. 
Team working to assimilate Common Demand data for testing Alg 1. 
Spark job not running outside the command line. 
Will connect with Amy to reschedule planning meeting. 
Ed same request for Algorithm team - There is 69 Product Backlog items without Story points  
There is 37 Product Backlog items without Priority  
 
UI 
Demo for Sprint  next Wednesday. 
UI stories – 40 need effort and 80 need priority. 
16 stories still be reviewed for effort 
Done stories will have effort updated. 
Need to determine priority with Product Owners. 
Open questions on administration / security of the new view(s). 
 
 
Testing 
 

Sprint 2 scope will be reviewed later. 
Team have a call with the UI team for test data setup and test cases. 
Team to have call with Bill regarding Common Demand. 
 
Integration 
 
 
Insights 
  
  
IMPEDIMENTS 
  
Data 
Watch sandbox set up; needs to be setup…working with CAP  
Making a decision about Common Demand data for conversion rather than multiple sources (mySch and Abacus)  
 
Algorithms 
Availability of Test Data 
 
UI 
 Screenshot from People team for splash admin page 
 
Testing 
Watching delivery of test cases within the sprint 
Availability of Test Data  
Integration 
Insights 
  
 