
TEAM PROGRESS TO DATE 
 Data Conversion 
Call today with data source teams to manage expectations on request & timeline (Sept 6th) 
Heads up mail sent; All data requests should be logged this week via Service Now 
CD & Abacus to send the queries they are using 
Jim to weigh in re: how to handle data privacy countries not yet approved – review with Nicole C. 
Nicole Coletta working with Data Privacy on agreement for "complex" countries (approved countries cover 82% of population) 
 
 
CV resume & CD samples from Randy; requesting queries to include with request (Luu is the backup) 
Target to send CD request Wed 
SAP – following up with Andreas re: extract format (tab delimited vs csv) 
Sept 8th data to return requests 
 
Review impacts of algorithms platform change & update blueprint 
Update backlog (Deb & Foram) 
Lock down the key milestones for Sources to provide data 
 
Question from Common Demand – Is there a requirement to tag the Optional Skills as 1, 2, 3 etc? Will a weighting be placed on them during execution of the algorithms? [KS] Primary will be the main focus. No need to determine ordering for Optional. 
Common Demand – do all records have a CD ID?? 
Yes, all records will have a CD ID.  
There can be multiple demand events for a single Demand record due to updates – all will share that CD ID. 
There is a unique Message ID to identify the events for each Demand record. 
 
Algorithms 
Replan in progress. 
Reviewing Ops resources who can participate (Ankur/Vivek) 
 
UI 
Demo today for Sprint 5 
Sprint 6 planning move to next Monday 
Coordinate with test team & include in planning 
3 mth lead time for resource roll off 
Possible assignment change for Arthur in FY18 Q1 - TBD 
Admin stories – evaluate impact of reusing existing admin 
Bill to send update re: permissions and home page today 
Estimate done on remaining non-integration stories (Arthur); confirm stories have priorities (Bill) 
 
 
Testing 
Algorithm testing stories; reuse for new platform; reset the effort and story points 
Sprint 5 testing begin today 
CD integration scripts in progress/ call with them tomorrow 
Focus on UI (Sprint 5) ~1 week; then start Sprint 6 
CD test conditions in progress  
Reviewing/Preparing test case for algorithms to the extent info is available and sample test data 
Natalia PTO next 3 weeks Nikhil will provide back up 
 
Integration 
CD integration – functionally requirements identified; pending technical review; need more information in the messages 
 
Insights  
 
Product Owner 
This week – milestone plan in prep for next week's update with Greg 
Data for testing and all scenarios  
Collections  
Admin stories for mass upload (UI or TH?) 
ITF work in progress; testing will need to be synced up (bringing skill IDs from CD) 
Starting backlog for TH in xls 
Mickey to help create backlog for insights stories (he'll be Prod Owner) 
   
  
TEAM PLANNED WORK / TO DO 
   
Data Conversion 
Following up on open questions regarding the age of Common Demand data – Abacus & myScheduling. 
Moving forward with updates to documentation – Detailed Scope, Approach, Workplan & Backlog. 
Common Demand to replace myScheduling and HRRA. 
CV Resume data to be sourced directly. (42% of records have an edited End Date in CV Resume) 
SAP data will be sourced directly, as well as from Lake. 
Only Abacus Tech confirmed as being in Common Demand entirely. 
Solution Blueprint to be revised when Conchi returns from PTO. 
Other deliverables will be completed during Sprint 2 as Foram is on PTO this week. 
Additional tables CAP are looking to ingest from TH are not ready yet in TH. Design is still in progress there. 
 
Algorithms 
Sprint 2 planning has been put on hold today. 
Team working to assimilate Common Demand data for testing Alg 1. 
Spark job not running outside the command line. 
Will connect with Amy to reschedule planning meeting. 
Ed same request for Algorithm team - There is 69 Product Backlog items without Story points  
There is 37 Product Backlog items without Priority  
 
UI 
Demo for Sprint  next Wednesday. 
UI stories – 40 need effort and 80 need priority. 
16 stories still be reviewed for effort 
Done stories will have effort updated. 
Need to determine priority with Product Owners. 
Open questions on administration / security of the new view(s). 
 
 
Testing 
 

Sprint 2 scope will be reviewed later. 
Team have a call with the UI team for test data setup and test cases. 
Team to have call with Bill regarding Common Demand. 
 
Integration 
 
 
Insights 
  
  
IMPEDIMENTS 
  
Data 
Data Privacy approval for "complex" countries 
 
Algorithms 
Availability of Test Data 
 
UI 
 Screenshot from People team for splash admin page 
 
Testing 
Watching delivery of test cases within the sprint 
Availability of Test Data  
Integration 
Insights 
  
 