
TEAM PROGRESS TO DATE 
 Data Conversion 
Held planning call today for Sprint 1 
Backlog updated – 7 stories estimated with a total of 40 story points – 4 stories to be committed initially. 
Expected velocity is 25 story points for this Sprint. 
Data requests – evaluating JSON ingestion for Common Demand 
Revised timeline for Conversion and shared / agreed with business 
Meeting with Common Demand tomorrow regarding backup of DB  
Still to determine if this approach will cost $ to extract data 
Need confirmation from the Algorithms team to ensure their output format is correct. 
 
Algorithms 
2 new resources on the team. 
Meeting tomorrow to review the entire process. 
Replan in progress. 
In process of reviewing functional design deliverables. 
Review what (if anything) can be reused that was built in CAP. 
Need to review functional design deliverables with Helena. 
Need to understand if Helena has validated the data being delivered by Marta's team. 
 
UI 
Second week of Sprint 6  
Sprint 7 stories have been prioritised – shorter Sprint to allow for national holiday 
Some Sprint 5 items not marked as done because they are defects. 
Admin Front End section not needed now – backend logic will be pursued still. 
 
Testing 
Closed Sprint 5 UI testing.  
Helena to update daily digest with metrics. 
Sprint 6 internal review is ongoing now. 
To meet with Bill and Jim tomorrow for approval. 
Follow up mtg with CD test team tomorrow; working on test data template & prep data 
Test Data Management – will provide progress update on next call. 
 
 
Integration & Architecture  
CD integration – pending tech sign off – for Thursday 
Amy revisit with Phil today 
CR for end date event?  see mail from Mags 
Walk through conceptual data model 
Add performance consideration into the design & testing 
 
Insights  
Begin to shape backlog – dimension "epics" 
Product Owner to be named – Jim  
 
Product Owner 
Reviewing Tier assignment for Ops purposes (business case required) 
TH dashboard needs some performance review – define targets (employee, admin, algorithm) 
Continue to refine backlogs to get more precision on delivery timing 
   
TEAM PLANNED WORK / TO DO 
   
Data Conversion 
TH location confirmation 
Sep 6 deadline to receive data 
Complete user stories for cleansing 
Send Abacus Ops request this week 
Define tables in TH for ingestion 
 
Algorithms 
 
 
UI 
 
 
 
Testing 
Start sprint 6 planning test cases 
 
Integration 
 
 
Insights 
  
  
IMPEDIMENTS 
  
Data 
Data Privacy approval for "complex" countries 
Time to complete stories for starting Sprint 1 
 
Algorithms 
Availability of Test Data 
 
UI 
  
 
Testing 
Aligning timeline for integration testing with CD 
Rebar staging access & usage – see forwarded mail from Katie 
 
Integration 
 
Insights 