
TEAM PROGRESS TO DATE 
  
Data 
Inception wrapping up this week – Environment config 
Environment requested – to be completed on Monday 
Confirm with Liz re: mechanism to ingest conversion data to DL 
Backlog in progress for Sprint 1 (4 stories - POC ingestions & formatting) 
Complete data source matrix - tables & names (dependency on data source teams) 
Reviewing sources, in particular data from Common Demand to evaluate possibility of using for data conversion (Not suitable for myCV data) 
MME data – obtain from Common Demand; no Industry skill for IDC/PDC (stored in a different field) 
Are there needs to keep CD in DL or not? – check with CD & CAP 
  
Algorithms 
New sandbox is configured 
Met with Test team – test environment ready and data has been migrated 
Work with Natalia re: test users and CAP access 
  
UI 
Sprint 4 to wrap up on Wed (Aug 2) - final testing Tuesday, Critical defects to be resolved before Wednesday 
Sprint 5 stories identified – choose on Wed call after demo 
Admin stories – begin discussing for Sprint 6 
  
Testing 
 
UI test cases added in TFS; under review with Bill 
Updating TFS dashboard 
Preparing input/output data 
Need test users and access to CAP - for ingestion will get access to Data Lake 
Daily call with data team 
  
Integration 
  
Insights 
  
Product Owner 
Admin stories for mass upload (UI or TH?) 
ITF work in progress; testing will need to be synced up (bringing skill IDs from CD) 
Starting backlog for TH in xls 
Mickey to help create backlog for insights stories (he'll be Prod Owner) 
   
  
TEAM PLANNED WORK / TO DO 
  
Data 
Environment configuration – Monday - Complete 
PC configuration – Tuesday – Ongoing x1 
POC for Ingestion from Tuesday onwards – Started today 
Continue with sprint 1 next week (2 weeks for POC for team members to learn) 
Expecting data privacy approval from India in 1-2 weeks 
  
Algorithms 
Continue to meet with Test team – Natalia.. 
Follow up meeting with Marta 
Work with common demand - ingesting data (REBAR, DL) 
Mtg on Friday with CD 
Alg arch changes in progress – ongoing. Jose (SME) has returned from PTO. Alg 1 & 2 replatformed to Scala. 
Miguel to support team on Tech questions 
Sprint 1 user story review to happen tomorrow – mail to be sent tomorrow with reconciliation of work effort 
  
UI 
Sprint 4 demo next week - Wed…time adjusted so Jim can attend 
Demo on Wed; Jim will attend 
Continuing to review widget approach with people team (in progress) - initial POC to be provided this week. 
In next 1 / 2 sprints team need to focus on backend development to prevent a blocker on UI progress from occurring. - Arthur to update Amy this week. 
Stories in place to begin Sprint 5. 3 weeks needed to work on Admin Stories – understand deep requirements. 
Admin stories to be worked in Sprint 6 - potentially.. 
  
Testing 
Alg team to meet with Natalia for testing 
Test prep work 
Updating cases in TFS for new stories 
They will begin testing for all previous sprints – UI (regression) - Testing underway for Sprint 1. 
UI Test Cases have been assigned, but testing not started for ALg 1 as CAP is not ready. Team are working to prepare test data. 
Sandbox access is delayed. 
From Wed they will begin testing for Sprint 4 – UI 
Rui to ensure Testing and CAP Dev teams review the Test Suites together before testing begins 
Had call with CAP team to discuss test cases around Alg 1. 
Confirmation needed on where to source data from for testing. 
  
Integration 
  
Insights 
  
  
IMPEDIMENTS 
  
Data 
Watch sandbox set up; needs to be setup…working with CAP  
Making a decision about Common Demand data for conversion rather than multiple sources (mySch and Abacus)  
  
Algorithms 
  
UI 
  
  
Testing 
Watching delivery of test cases within the sprint 
  
Integration 
  
Insights 
  
 