
TEAM PROGRESS TO DATE 
  
Data 
Continued work with common demand – Requested additional samples, and clarification on sample data provided. 
Dave C and Phil C meeting with CD daily to finalize approach. 
POC for Ingestion is in progress. 
Continue with sprint 1 next week (2 weeks for POC for team members to learn) 
Expecting data privacy approval from India in 1-2 weeks 
Met with Test & Algorithm team to discuss test data. 
  
Algorithms 
Work with common demand - ingesting data (REBAR, DL) 
Alg arch changes in progress – ongoing. Jose (SME) has returned from PTO. Alg 1 & 2 re-platformed to Scala. 
Miguel to support team on Tech questions 
Sprint 1 user story review to happen tomorrow – mail to be sent tomorrow with reconciliation of work effort 
Continued work on User Stories – 6 for this Sprint, early risk of missing 1 story from sprint. 
Sprint Showcase at the end of next week. Gloria to send invite next week.(Need to ensure sufficient continuity of cover.) 
  
UI 
Planning meeting for Sprint 5 today / next Monday. Shorten sprint to just 2 weeks. 
Project View – Landing Story is currently on hold which is reducing the scope of Sprint 5. 
Dev environment issue encountered yesterday, and has now been resolved. (Login issue) 
Continuing to review widget approach with people team (in progress) - initial POC to be provided this week. 
In next 1 / 2 sprints team need to focus on backend development to prevent a blocker on UI progress from occurring. - Arthur to update Amy this week. 
Admin stories to be worked in Sprint 6 - potentially.. 
  
Testing 
Will begin work on manual test data preparation by Test team. 
Dev team will manually load data and run Alg1 
Test prep work is ongoing - Recreating Test Plan & updating Cases in TFS for new stories – Test Plan is restructured, test cases ready for all Sprints. 
They will begin testing for all previous sprints – UI (regression) - Testing underway for Sprint 1. - 11/20 UI test cases executed. 
 
Integration 
  
Insights 
  
Product Owner 
Admin stories for mass upload (UI or TH?) 
ITF work in progress; testing will need to be synced up (bringing skill IDs from CD) 
Starting backlog for TH in xls 
Mickey to help create backlog for insights stories (he'll be Prod Owner) 
   
  
TEAM PLANNED WORK / TO DO 
  
  
Data 
Ed to work with CAP and Test teams on test data preparation 
Conversion process not available so test data will be prepared manually 
Recommended that test data use the SAP sample data as basis for Employee profiles (known active employees) 
Role and Skill history data will be pulled in from existing Reference data and previously prepared test data (provided by Katie) 
 
 
Algorithms 
Refactoring for Alg 1 today 
Reviewing the need for new columns etc. 
Refactoring will be completed tomorrow for Alg 1, plus 50% of Alg 2 
Replatform to Spark 
Filter data for restricted countries, company codes etc using 'Ranger'. (https://es.hortonworks.com/apache/ranger/ ) 
Ranger being configured in Sandbox at present 
Reviewed functional questions with Katie 
 
 
UI 
Continue development for the current Sprint. 
Impediment: Screenshot from People team for splash admin page; some overall questions just sent to Jim for confirming. 
Katie following up with Arthur on this – Jim sent a mail on Friday. 
 
 
Testing 
Preparation of test data for Alg 1 is in progress – some questions outstanding. 
Natalia has an issue with her account for MSDN – not an issue with Test Manager. 
Overall issue with MSDN still to be resolved – not at team level. 
Pending questions with Arthur – delaying progress on closing out UI test cases. 
Need to know when CAP will be ready for testing and what testing can be completed at this time. 
 
 
Integration 
  
Insights 
  
  
IMPEDIMENTS 
  
Data 
Watch sandbox set up; needs to be setup…working with CAP  
Making a decision about Common Demand data for conversion rather than multiple sources (mySch and Abacus)  
  
Algorithms 
  
UI 
 Screenshot from People team for splash admin page 
  
Testing 
Watching delivery of test cases within the sprint 
  
Integration 
  
Insights 
  
 