
TEAM PROGRESS TO DATE 
  
Data 
Ed to work with CAP and Test teams on test data preparation 
Conversion process not available so test data will be prepared manually 
Recommended that test data use the SAP sample data as basis for Employee profiles (known active employees) 
Role and Skill history data will be pulled in from existing Reference data and previously prepared test data (provided by Katie) 
 
 
Algorithms 
Refactoring for Alg 1 today 
Reviewing the need for new columns etc. 
Refactoring will be completed tomorrow for Alg 1, plus 50% of Alg 2 
Replatform to Spark 
Filter data for restricted countries, company codes etc using 'Ranger'. (https://es.hortonworks.com/apache/ranger/ ) 
Ranger being configured in Sandbox at present 
Reviewed functional questions with Katie 
 
 
UI 
Continue development for the current Sprint. 
Impediment: Screenshot from People team for splash admin page; some overall questions just sent to Jim for confirming. 
Katie following up with Arthur on this – Jim sent a mail on Friday. 
 
 
Testing 
Preparation of test data for Alg 1 is in progress – some questions outstanding. 
Natalia has an issue with her account for MSDN – not an issue with Test Manager. 
Overall issue with MSDN still to be resolved – not at team level. 
Pending questions with Arthur – delaying progress on closing out UI test cases. 
Need to know when CAP will be ready for testing and what testing can be completed at this time. 
 
Integration 
  
Insights 
  
Product Owner 
Admin stories for mass upload (UI or TH?) 
ITF work in progress; testing will need to be synced up (bringing skill IDs from CD) 
Starting backlog for TH in xls 
Mickey to help create backlog for insights stories (he'll be Prod Owner) 
   
  
TEAM PLANNED WORK / TO DO 
   
Data 
Common Demand – do all records have a CD ID?? 
Yes, all records will have a CD ID.  
There can be multiple demand records for a single Demand record due to updates – all will share that CD ID. 
There is a unique Message ID to identify the events for each Demand record. 

 
 
Algorithms 
Issue in POC – how skills are being captured from Assigned Role will be fixed in this Sprint 
Working on exclusion on countries and company codes – impediment with Ranger tool – check config in alternative environment. 
Also solve for exclusion of withdrawn / retired employees 
Environment ready for demo tomorrow  -demo on Friday 
 
 
UI 
Last day of week 1 for Sprint 5 
1 impediment – owing to Sprint re-plan on Monday 
Is the Back-end Admin page & gone fishing? Who can we confirm this with? 
Team need a sample backend UI wireframe. 
Team reached out to Mandy to see if there is a design framework to follow. 
Team will provide an early look into the design of the Splash screen.  
 
 
Testing 
UI test cases complete – 8 successful, 7 failed. 
People Team widget no applicable 
Had call for Mock Data preparation for UI testing 
Team will talk to Gloria about the scope to define Test approach for each Sprint 
Team will use Skill IDs for matching purposes to match older skills to current values. 
 
 
Integration 
  
Insights 
  
  
IMPEDIMENTS 
  
Data 
Watch sandbox set up; needs to be setup…working with CAP  
Making a decision about Common Demand data for conversion rather than multiple sources (mySch and Abacus)  
  
Algorithms 
Availability of Test Data 
  
UI 
 Screenshot from People team for splash admin page 
  
Testing 
Watching delivery of test cases within the sprint 
Availability of Test Data  
  
Integration 
  
Insights 
  
 