
TEAM PROGRESS TO DATE 
 Data Conversion 
Common Demand – do all records have a CD ID?? 
Yes, all records will have a CD ID.  
There can be multiple demand events for a single Demand record due to updates – all will share that CD ID. 
There is a unique Message ID to identify the events for each Demand record. 

 
 
Algorithms 
Issue in POC – how skills are being captured from Assigned Role will be fixed in this Sprint 
Working on exclusion on countries and company codes – impediment with Ranger tool – check config in alternative environment. 
Also solve for exclusion of withdrawn / retired employees 
Environment ready for demo tomorrow  -demo on Friday 
 
 
UI 
Last day of week 1 for Sprint 5 
1 impediment – owing to Sprint re-plan on Monday 
Is the Back-end Admin page & gone fishing? Who can we confirm this with? 
Team need a sample backend UI wireframe. 
Team reached out to Mandy to see if there is a design framework to follow. 
Team will provide an early look into the design of the Splash screen.  
 
 
Testing 
UI test cases complete – 8 successful, 7 failed. 
People Team widget no applicable 
Had call for Mock Data preparation for UI testing 
Team will talk to Gloria about the scope to define Test approach for each Sprint 
Team will use Skill IDs for matching purposes to match older skills to current values. 
 
Integration 
  
Insights 
  
Product Owner 
Admin stories for mass upload (UI or TH?) 
ITF work in progress; testing will need to be synced up (bringing skill IDs from CD) 
Starting backlog for TH in xls 
Mickey to help create backlog for insights stories (he'll be Prod Owner) 
   
  
TEAM PLANNED WORK / TO DO 
   
Data Conversion 
 
Algorithms 
Only 2 stories were completed from the Committed work out of 28 – remaining 4 were bugs that were resolved. 
 
UI 
2nd week of Sprint 5 – scope changed but burndown is still looking good 
Flash and Admin exceed remaining velocity but team will work to try and finish 
Gone Fishing has been pushed to next Sprint 
Screenshot / wireframe to be used for guidance on structure only. 
 
Testing 
UI Testing – new test cases created, including for Bugs 
Team to review with Bill – today or Monday 
US#19808 – processing test data for this story now and will validate later 
Move Sprint 1 stories to Sprint 2 where they are no longer relevant (CV Resume stories should be on-hold for now) 
 
Integration 
 
Insights 
  
  
IMPEDIMENTS 
  
Data 
Watch sandbox set up; needs to be setup…working with CAP  
Making a decision about Common Demand data for conversion rather than multiple sources (mySch and Abacus)  
Algorithms 
Availability of Test Data 
UI 
 Screenshot from People team for splash admin page 
Testing 
Watching delivery of test cases within the sprint 
Availability of Test Data  
Integration 
Insights 
  
 